---
layout: posts
job-title: Director Urban Planning
employer: AECOM
posted-date: 2018-03-15
closing-date: 2018-03-26
contract-type: Full time
salary:
location: Central London
Reference: 181184BR
application-link: http://bit.ly/2Dthtsm
description: AECOM is recruiting for a Director of Design Planning and Economics to join the growing team in London.
contact-name:
contact-email: glajobs@london.gov.uk
contact-phone:
contact-website:
tags:
featured: no

---

AECOM is recruiting for a Director of Design Planning and Economics to join the growing team in London.

The Director is a member of the senior management group of the Design, Planning and Economics group. This role requires a person with a proven history of strong technical leadership and management abilities (projects and people). The Principal will work with the DP+E leadership team including leaders from Urban Design, Landscape Architecture and Leisure and Culture, to collaborate and provide strong direction and ownership of the projects, team management and business planning of the whole DP+E group.

The Director will be a leader with proven skills and a depth of experience in the field of Urban Planning, including the delivery of built work, planning policy and strategic planning. The Director will have a broad range of experience preferably in public and private sector and in the UK, and contributes to the conception of creative, contextually responsive and economically viable urban planning strategies and solutions. They will provide input into the review of project design standards, philosophy and approach, while considering client requirements and expectations and provide financial management and the coordination of both internal and external project resources.

The Director forms part of the management team to lead, develop and produce quality projects and outputs and implements practice plans and project requirements and will develop and implement a business development plan and marketing activities to cultivate a presence and client base in the market and secure future planning and design projects for the practice.

The Director will be a technical leader in Urban Planning and as such is able to provide strong technical direction on a range of planning, design and development projects and also provide strong project sponsorship and management. You will manage a technical group of planners and economists but must collaborate and provide leadership as part of the broader team with urban designers, landscape architects, transport planners, engineers and environmental planners. You will have client contact as well as coaching, influencing, mentoring and developing other staff to ensure the delivery of high quality and timely outcomes in line with client requirements, providing technical counsel on projects, and client relationship marketing and management. They will also actively contribute to the team environment, provide leadership and participate in business planning.
